Add examples for best practices for section 4.2.4 microflow complexity (#5196)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/howto/general/dev-best-practices.md

#### 4.2.4 Complexity

> Nested `IF` statements in a single microflow expression are not recommended. If multiple checks depend on one another, this should be represented by multiple decisions in the microflow, so that the complexity is not hidden away in the expressions. You can use `AND` and `OR` operators to produce complex expressions if necessary. Examples of what is not recommended and what is recommended are shown below. If necessary, the single microflow expression in the following example can also be written as `if ($currentDeviceType = System.DeviceType.Phone and $Parameter = true) then true else false` using the `AND` operator. However, we still recommend the low-code approach shown below, which makes it easier to understand what is really happening.

Reviewer: I would start describing the examples with a new paragraph.

Author: @MariaShaposhnikova Many thanks for the review and advice. I just updated the doc based on your suggestions. Please let me know if you have any further advice on the updated version.

> {{< figure src="/attachments/howto/general/dev-best-practices/not-recommended-microflow.png" width="450px">}}

Reviewer: It's not the best practice to place two images one under the other. I would make it explicit in the text. I would also suggest to swap the order which they are presented and start from the recommended approach. 
For example:
In the example below, there is a low-code approach which makes it easier to understand what is happening in the microflow:
Image
The example below shows a possible but not recommended approach: 
Image
I would also remove exclamation marks, a cross mark, and a check mark from the images to tone it down a bit + these icons are not standardized.

Nested `IF` statements in a single microflow expression are not recommended. If multiple checks depend on one another, this should be represented by multiple decisions in the microflow, so that the complexity is not hidden away in the expressions. You can use `AND` and `OR` operators to produce complex expressions if necessary. 

The example below shows a low-code approach that we recommend because it presents a clear picture of what is happening in the microflow:

{{< figure src="/attachments/howto/general/dev-best-practices/recommended-microflow.png" width="700px">}}

> The example below shows an approach that we do not recommend. We can rewrite the microflow expression in this example as `if ($currentDeviceType = System.DeviceType.Phone and $Parameter = true) then true else false` using the `AND` operator. However, it is still not clear enough and the low-code approach shown in the above example is better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below shows an approach that we do not recommend. You can rewrite the microflow expression in this example as `if ($currentDeviceType = System.DeviceType.Phone and $Parameter = true) then true else false` using the `AND` operator. However, it is still not clear enough and the low-code approach shown in the above example is preferable.
```
